Yoda 2.1 upgrade (#890)
ubvu/open-handbook: tools/yoda/sram_invitations_eduid_activation.qmd

- If your institute is included in this list and if you are affiliated with a research or education organisation you can choose your institution name which will redirect you to your familiar institutional login page.

> - If your institute is not in this list or if you are not affiliated with a research or education organisation please choose **eduID** (NL). If you do not yet have an eduID you can create one for free, the system will guide you through the process. More information on eduID [here](https://login.eduid.nl/request/436c7382-bc00-45f0-b75e-2ede39b49445?lang=en)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your institute is not in this list or if you are not affiliated with a research or education organisation please choose **eduID** (NL). If you do not yet have an eduID you can create one for free, the system will guide you through the process. More information on eduID is available on the [eduID page](https://login.eduid.nl/request/436c7382-bc00-45f0-b75e-2ede39b49445?lang=en)
```
